Reinstate prerelease upgrade warning (#90093)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/upgrade.asciidoc

[[setup-upgrade]]
= Upgrade {es}

ifeval::["{release-state}"!="released"]
[[upgrade-pre-release]]

> NOTE: This documentation is for {es} version {version}, which is not yet
> released. You may run a pre-release build of {es} for testing, and you may
> upgrade from an earlier released version to a pre-release build of {es}
> {version} if permitted by the usual version compatibility rules, but upgrading
> from a pre-release build to another build (whether released or not) is
> unsupported. Upgrading a pre-release build may result in errors or may appear
> to succeed having silently lost some data. You should discard the contents of a
> cluster running a pre-release build before using a different build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: This documentation is for {es} {version}, which is not yet released.
You can upgrade from a previously released version to a pre-release build, if
following a supported upgrade path. Upgrading from a pre-release build to any 
other build is not supported, and can result in errors or data loss. If you run
a pre-release build for testing, discard the contents of the cluster before 
upgrading to the released version of {es}.

```
